abandoned ang f sa
abhor ang d f
abhorrent ang d f
abject d
abnormal d
abolish ang
abominable d f
abortive sa
abrupt su
absent sa
abundant j
abysmal sa
academic t
accelerate ant
accidentally su
accolade ant j su t
accomplish j
accomplished j
accountable t
accounts t
accredited t
accurate t
accursed ang f sa
accusing ang f
achieve j t
achievement ant j t
aching sa
actionable ang d
addresses ant
adhering t
adjudicate f
administrative t
admirable j t
admire t
admissible t
adorable j
adore ant j t
adrift ant f sa
adverse ang d f sa
advisable t
advise t
advised t
affirm t
affirmatively t
afflict f sa
affront ang d f sa su
afraid f
aga f t
aggravated ang
aggravating ang sa
aggressive ang f
aghast d f su
agitated ang
agonizing f
agreeable t
agreed t
agreeing t
ail sa
ailing f sa
akin t
alarming f su
alerts ant f su
alien d f
alienate ang d
alienated sa
alive ant j t
allied t
altercation ang
amaze su
amazingly j su
amen j t
amicable j
amour ant j t
amphetamines d
amuse j
amused j
amusing j
ancestral t
angelic j t
angry ang d
animated j
animus ang
annihilate ang f
annihilated ang f sa
annoy ang d
annoying ang
answerable t
antagonistic ang d
antichrist ang d f
anticipatory ant
antisocial ang d f sa
anxious ant f
apathetic sa
apologetic t
apologize sa t
apostolic t
apprehend f
apprehensive ant f
approaching ant
approve j t
arbitrator t
archaeology ant
ardent ant j
argue ang
arguments ang
arid sa
armaments f
armed ang f
armored f
arouse ant
arrive ant
arrogant ang d
ashamed d sa
ashes sa
aspire ant j
aspiring ant j t
assail ang f su
assailant ang f sa
assassinate ang f
asserting t
assessor t
assure t
assured t
assuredly t
astonishingly su
astray f
asylum f
atone ant j t
atrocious ang d
attacking ang d f sa su
attainable ant
attentive t
attest t
attorney ang f t
auspicious ant j
austere f sa
authentic j t
authenticate t
author t
authoritative t
authorize t
automatic t
averse ang d f
avoid f
avoiding f
await ant
awful ang d f sa
axiomatic t
backer t
backwards d
bacterium d f
badly sa
banish ang d f sa
banished ang f sa
baptismal j
barbarian f
barbaric ang d f
barf d
battered f sa
battled ang f sa
beaming ant j
bearish ang f
beastly d f
beautiful j
beautify j
befriend j t
beg sa
begun ant
behemoth f
believed t
belittle ang d f sa
belligerent ang f
benign j
bereavement sa
berserk ang
bestial d f
betray ang d sa su
beware ant f
bewildered f su
bickering ang d
bigoted ang d f sa
bitterly ang d sa
bizarre su
blackness f sa
blasphemous ang d
blatant ang d
bleak sa
bless ant j t
blessed j
blessings ant j su t
blighted d sa
blindly sa
blissful j
bloated d
bloodthirsty ang d f
bloody ang d f sa
blossom j
bogus ang d
boisterous ang ant j
bombard ang f
bombed d
bothering ang sa
bottomless f
bountiful ant j
brazen ang
breakup sa
bridegroom ant j t
brighten j su t
brilliant ant j t
broke f sa
broken ang f sa
brothel d
brotherly ant j t
brutal ang f
brute ang f sa
bum d sa
burdensome f sa
buried f sa
burke ang d f sa
burnt d
bury sa
buss j
busted ang f
callous ang d
calls ant t
camouflaged su
cancel sa
candid ant j su t
canons t
captivate ant j su t
carcass d f sa
caries d
carnage ang d f sa su
carnivorous f
cautionary f
cautious ant f t
cautiously f
celebrated ant j
celebrating ant j
celestial ant j
certify t
cess d
chairman t
chairwoman t
changeable ant su
chaotic ang
chargeable f sa
charitable ant j t
charmed j
cheerful j su
cheery ant j
cherish ant j su t
choral j
chronic sa
chronicle t
chuckle ant j su t
civilized j t
clan t
clap ant j t
clashing ang f
clean j t
cleave f
clerical t
clouded sa
cloudy sa
clumsy d
coalesce t
coax t
coerce ang d f
coexist t
coexisting t
cogent t
cohesive t
collectively t
comatose f sa
combative ang f
coming ant
commandant t
commanding t
commemorate ant j sa
commendable j t
committal sa
committed t
commonplace ant t
communicate t
compensate ant j su t
competency t
competent t
complain ang sa
completing ant j
compliance t
complicate ang
comptroller t
comrade t
conceal sa
concealed ant f su
concerned f sa
concord t
condemn ang
confess t
confide t
confident j t
confidential t
confidentially t
confine ang f sa
confined ang d f sa
confirmed t
confiscate ang sa
confront ang
congratulatory j
congruence t
conjure ant su
connective t
conscientious t
consequent ant
considerate t
conspire f
constantly t
consternation ang f
constitute t
constrain f
consult t
contagious d f
contaminate d
contaminated d f sa
contemptible ang d
contemptuous ang
contentious ang d f
continuation ant
continue ant t
contradict ang
controversial ang
conveyancing t
convince ant t
convinced t
convincing t
coop ang d
cooperating t
cop f t
corpse d sa
corroborate t
corroboration t
corrupting ang d f sa
corse sa
counsel t
counsellor ang f t
courageous f
courier t
cowardly f
coy f
crabby ang
cracked ang f
cranky ang
crave ant
crazed ang f
create j
credential t
credible t
creditable t
creeping ant
criminality ang d f
cringe d f sa
crippled sa
crisp t
criticize ang d f sa
crouching f
crowning ant j su t
crucial t
crude d
cruel ang d f sa
cruelly ang f
crumbling sa
crusade ang f
crushed ang d f sa
crushing ang d f
crusty d
culinary t
cultivate ant t
cumbersome sa
curable t
cursed ang f sa
cursing ang d
cussed ang
cystic d
dabbling ang d
daft d
dangerous f
dank d
darken f sa
darkened f sa
dashed ang f sa
dastardly ang d f
deadly ang d f sa
debauchery d f
decayed d sa
deceased sa
deceit ang d f sa su
deceitful d sa
deceive ang d sa
deceived ang
deceiving t
decompose d
decomposed sa
decry ang
defamatory ang
defection f
defective d
defend f
defended t
defenseless f sa
defiant ang
definitive t
deflate ang sa
deform d
deformed d sa
defraud ang d
defunct sa
defy ang f sa su
degrade d
degrading d f sa
deleterious ang d f
delicious j
delighted ant j su
delightful ant j t
delirious sa
deliverance ant j t
deluge f sa su
delusional ang f
demented f
demise f sa
demolish ang sa
demonic ang d f sa
demonstrative j sa
demoralized f sa
denied sa
denounce ang d
deny ang
denying ant
depart ant sa
departed sa
depend ant t
dependent t
deplorable ang d f sa
deplore ang d sa
deport f sa
depraved ang ant d f sa
depreciate ang d
depreciated ang d f sa
depress f sa
depressed ang f sa
depressing d sa
deprivation ang d f sa
deranged ang d f
derogatory ang d f sa
desecration ang d f sa
deserted ang d f sa
deserve ang ant t
desist ang d
desolation f sa
despairing f sa
despicable ang d
despise ang d
despotic f
despotism ang d f sa
destined ant
destitute f sa
destroyed ang f sa
destroying ang f sa
destructive ang d f
deteriorate f sa
deteriorated d sa
determinate ant t
detest ang d
detonate f su
detract ang
devastate ang f sa
devastating ang d f sa t
develop ant
devilish d f
devout ant j t
diabolical ang d f
diarrhoea d
diatribe ang d
dictatorial ang
dictum t
differently su
difficult f
difficulties sa
digress ant
dike f
dilapidated d sa
diminish sa
diplomatic t
dire d f sa su
dirty d
disable f sa
disagree ang
disagreeing ang sa
disallowed ang d f sa
disappear f
disappoint ang d sa
disappointed ang d sa
disappointing sa
disapprove ang d f sa
disapproved ang sa
disapproving ang d sa
disastrous ang f sa
disclaim ang d t
disclosed t
discolored d sa
disconnect sa
disconnected sa
discontent ang d f sa
discourage f sa
discreet ant
discriminate ang sa
discriminating d
disdain ang d
diseased d f sa
disembodied f sa
disfigured ang d f sa
disgrace ang d sa
disgraced ang d sa
disgraceful ang d
disgruntled ang d sa
disgusting ang d f
disheartened sa
disheartening sa
dishonest ang d sa
disillusionment ang d sa
disingenuous d
disintegrate d f
disliked ang sa
dislocated ang d f sa
dismal d f sa
dismay ang ant f sa su
disobedient ang
disobey ang d
disparage ang d sa
disparaging ang d sa
dispassionate sa
dispel sa
displaced ang f sa
displeased ang d f sa
dispose d
disposed ant t
dispossessed ang f sa
disqualified ang d sa
disqualify sa
disregarded d
disreputable ang d f
disrespectful ang d f sa
dissension ang
dissident ang f
distaste d
distasteful d
distorted d
distracted ang
distracting ang ant
distraught sa
distressed f
distressing ang f
disturbed ang sa
disused ang
divergent su
dominate ang f
doomsday ang ant d f sa
doubtless t
downright t
drab sa
dread ant f
dreadful ang ant d f sa
dreadfully d f sa su
dreary sa
drown f sa
drugged sa
drunken d
dubious f t
dull sa
dung d
dupe ang
durability t
durable t
dutiful ant t
dwarfed f sa
dying ang d f sa
dynamic su
eager ant j su t
ecstatic ant j su
educational t
effective t
efficient ant t
egotistical d
egregious ang d
elated j
elders t
elect t
elegant j
elucidate t
elusive su
emaciated f sa
embarrass sa
emphasize t
employ t
enable t
enablement t
enchant ant j su
enchanted j t
enchanting ant j
encourage j t
encroachment f
endanger ant f
endangered f
endeavor ant
endless ang f j sa t
endow t
enforce ang f
engaged ant j t
engaging j t
engulf ant
enigmatic f
enjoy ant j t
enjoying ant j t
enlighten j t
enliven j su t
enmity ang f sa
enroll ant t
enslaved ang d f sa
entangled ang d f sa
entertain j
entertained j
entertaining ant j
entrails d
entrust t
episcopal t
eradicate ang
erase f
erratic su
erupt ang su
escalate ang
escaped f
eschew ang sa
establish t
established j
ethereal f
evacuate f
evade ang d f
eventual ant
evict sa
evident t
exaggerate ang
exalt ant j t
exalted j t
exceed ant j
excel ant j su t
excellent j t
excite ang ant f j su
excited ant j su t
exciting ant j su
exclaim su
excluded d sa
excluding sa
excrement d
excretion d
excruciating f
exhausted sa
exhaustive t
exigent ant d f su
expect ant su t
expectancy ant
expectant ant
expected ant
expecting ant
expel ang d f sa
experienced t
expertise t
expire sa
explain t
explode ang f sa su
explore ant
exquisite j
exterminate f sa
extinct sa
extinguish ang
extrajudicial f
extricate ant
facts t
faeces d
fain ant j t
fainting f sa su
fairly t
faithless sa
fallacious ang
falling sa
falsify d
falter f
fanfare ant j su
fangs f
farcical d
fasting sa
fatal ang f sa
fate ant
fatigued sa
fatty d sa
faultless t
favorable ant j su t
fearful f sa
fearfully f sa su
fearing f
fearless f
fecal d
feces d
feeble sa
fenced ang
fermentation ant
ferocious ang d f
fervor ang j
festive j
fiend ang d f
fierce ang d f
fiesta ant j su t
fighting ang
filthy d
finally ant d j su t
firearms ang f
fits ang
fixed t
flabby d
flaccid sa
flagrant ang d
flattering j
fled f
flee f
flinch ant d f sa su
flog ang d f sa
flu f
flying f
forbid sa
forbidding ang f
forced f
forcibly ang f
forecast ant t
foreclose f sa
forefathers j t
foresee ant su t
foreseen ant
forewarned ant f
forfeiture f sa
forgiving t
forgotten f sa
forlorn sa
formidable f
forming ant
forsake sa
forsaken ang sa
fort t
fragile f sa
frantic ant d f su
fraternal j t
fraudulent ang d
fraught f sa
frayed sa
freakish d f su
freely j t
frenetic ang f su
frenzied ang f
fright f su
frighten f sa su
frightened f su
frightful ang f sa
frisky ant j su
frolic j
frowning ang d sa
fruitless sa
frustrate ang d sa
frustrated ang
fulfill j
fully t
fuming ang
furious ang d
furiously ang
fussy d
futile sa
gaby d
gage t
garish d su
gash f
gasping f
gauging t
gawk su
generous j t
genial j
genuine t
geriatric sa
ghastly d f
ghostly f
glad ant j
glaring ang
glee j
glimmer ant j su
gloomy sa
glorify ant j su t
glum sa
godless ang
godly j t
godsend j su
goo d
goodness ant j su t
gorgeous j
gory ang d f sa
govern t
grandchildren ant j t
grated ang
gratify j su
grating ang d
gratuitous d
gravitate ant
greasy d
greedy d
grieve f sa
grievous ang f sa
grim ang ant d f sa
grime d
grimy d
grin ant j su t
grisly d f
grounded f sa
grow ant j t
gruesome d
gruff ang d
grumpy ang d sa
guarded t
guardian t
gubernatorial t
guerilla f
guilty ang sa
gullible sa t
gush d j
habitual ant
haggard sa
hairy d
halting f sa
happen ant
happily j
happy ant j t
harass ang d
harassing ang
hardened ang d f
hardy j t
harlot d
harm f
harmful ang d f sa
harmoniously j t
harrowing f
harry ang sa
hateful ang d f sa
hating ang
hatred ang d f sa
haughty ang
haunted f sa
hazardous f
heal j t
healthful j
heartache sa
heartfelt j sa t
heartily j
heartless sa
heartworm d
heavenly ant j t
heavens j t
heighten f
hellish ang d f sa
helper t
helpful j t
helpless f sa
hemorrhage d f sa
heroic j su t
herpesvirus d
heyday ant j t
hideous d f sa
highest ant f j su
hilarious j su
hindering sa
hoary sa
hoax ang d sa su
homesick sa
homicidal ang f
honest ang d f j sa t
honorable t
hooded f
hopeful ant j su t
hopeless f sa
horrible ang d f
horrid ang d f sa
horrific ang d f sa
horrified f
horrifying d f sa
horrors f sa
hot ang
humble d sa
humbled sa
humiliate ang sa
humiliating d
humorous j
hungry ant
hunting ang ant f
hurried ant
hurt ang f sa
hurtful ang d f sa
hurting ang f sa
husbandry t
hype ant
hypocritical d
hysterical ang f
idiotic ang d
ignorant d
ill ang d f sa
illegal ang d f sa
illegitimate ang d f sa su
illicit ang d f
illuminate ant j su
immaculate j t
immature ant
immediately ant
immerse ant f j su t
imminent ant f
immoral ang d f sa
immovable t
impart t
impartial t
impatient ant
impeach d f
impeccable t
impending ant f
impenetrable t
impermeable ang f
implicate ang
impolite d
important t
impressionable t
imprisoned ang d f sa
improve ant j t
improvise ant su
imprudent sa
impure d
inadequate sa
inadmissible ang d
inappropriate ang d sa
inaugural ant
incarceration ang d f sa
incase ang d f sa
incendiary ang f su
incestuous d
incite ang ant f
incline t
incompatible ang d sa
incongruous ang
inconsequential sa
inconsiderate ang d sa
inconvenient ang d sa
incredulous ang d
indecent d
indefensible f
indelible t
indestructible t
indict ang f
indigent sa
indignant ang
indivisible t
indomitable f
ineffectual d
inefficient sa
inept ang d
ineptitude d f sa
inexcusable ang d sa
inexplicable su
infamous ang d f
infant ant f j su
infantile ang d
infect d
infectious d f sa
inferno ang f
infertility sa
infidel ang d f
infinity ant j t
inflict ang f sa
influential t
inform t
infraction ang
infrequent su
inhibit ang d sa
inhospitable sa
inhuman ang d f sa
inhumanity sa
inimical ang sa
inimitable t
iniquity d
injure ang f sa
injured f sa
injurious ang f sa
inoperative ang
insane ang f
insecure ang f sa
inseparable j t
insidious ang d f
insignificant ang sa
insolvent f sa t
inspire ant j t
inspired j su t
install ant
instinctive ang d f
instruct t
instructions ant t
instructor ant t
insulting ang d f sa
insure t
insurmountable f sa
insurrection ang
intact t
intelligent t
intend t
intended ant
intense ang d f j su t
inter sa
intercede f sa
interested d sa
interior d t
interment sa
interminable ang ant
interrogate f
interrupted sa
intestinal d
intimate ant j t
intimately ant f j
intimidate f
intolerable ang
intolerant ang d f sa
intoxicated d
intractable ang
intrusive ang d f su
intuitively ant
invade ang f sa su
inviting ant j su t
invoke ant
irate ang
ire ang
irrational d f
irreconcilable ang f sa
irrefutable t
irreparable f sa
irritable ang
irritating ang d
isolate sa
isolated f sa
jarring f sa
jaws f
jealous ang d
jeopardize ang f
jeopardy ant f
john d
journeyman t
jovial j
joyful j t
joyous j
jubilant j su t
judicial ant t
judicious t
justifiable t
kicking ang
kidnap ang f sa su
kindred ant j t
knickers t
kudos j
labored sa
labyrinth ant
lamenting sa
languishing f sa
larger d su t
late sa
latent ang ant d su
latrines d
laughable d
laughing j
laurels j
lavatory d
lawful t
lax sa
leading t
leeches d f
leery su
legal t
legalized ang f j t
lessen ant
lesser d
lethal d f sa
lettered ant t
lewd d
liberate ang ant j su t
lifeless f sa
limited ang sa
lines f
linger ant
listless sa
litigate ang ant d f sa
litigious ang d
livid ang d
loath ang
loathe ang d
loathing d
loathsome ang d
localize ant
lone sa
lonely ang d f sa
lonesome sa
long ant
loo d
lord d t
lose ang d f sa su
losing ang sa
lost sa
loudness ang
lovable j t
lovely ant j sa su t
lovemaking j t
loving j t
lower sa
lowest sa
lowly sa
loyal f j su t
lucky j su
lumpy d
lurid d
luscious ant j
lush d sa
lusty d
luxurious j
lynch ang d f sa
lyrical j
mad ang d f sa
madden ang f
madman ang f
mage f
magical ant j su
magnificent ant j su t
majestic ant j su t
majesty t
malevolent ang d f sa
malicious ang d f sa
malign ang d
malignant ang f
mamma t
manage t
marry ant f j su t
martial ang
marvel su
marvelous j
marvelously j
massacre ang d f sa
maternal ant
mathematical t
meaningless sa
measured t
medal ant j su t
meddle ang
mediate ant t
medical ant f t
meditate ant j t
meek sa
memorable j su t
memorials sa
menacing ang f
merciless f
merge ant
meritorious j t
merriment j su
merry j
messy d
mighty ang f j t
miraculous j su
mirth j
miserable ang d sa
miserably sa
misguided d
mislead ang f t
misleading ang d
misplace ang d
misrepresented ang
missing f sa
mistaken f
mistrust d f
misunderstanding ang sa
moan f sa
mockery d
mocking ang d sa
modest t
modify su
monetary ant
moody ang sa
moorings t
morals ang ant d j su t
morbid sa
moribund sa
morn ant
mortuary f sa
mourn sa
mournful ang f sa
muck d
mucous d
muddy d
murderous ang d f sa su
murky d sa
musty d
mutable ant
mutilated d
mysterious ant f su
nab su
nag ang
nameless d
nappy d
nascent ant
nasty ang d f sa
nauseous d sa
navigable ant
nefarious d f sa su
neglected ang d sa
negotiate t
negro sa
nervous ant f
nestle t
nether ang f sa
noble t
nobleman t
noisy ang
noncompliance ang ant f sa
nonsensical sa
notable j t
noxious d f
nullify su
nurture ang ant d f j t
nutritious sa
obese d
obesity d sa
obey f t
obi d f
obit sa su
oblige t
obliging ang ant d f j su t
obligor f
obliterate ang f sa
obliterated ang f
obliteration f sa
obnoxious ang d sa
obscene d
obstruct ang f
obstructive ang
obtainable j
obvious t
occasional su
occupant t
odious ang d f
offend ang d
offended ang sa
offender ang d f sa
offensive ang d
older sa
olfactory ant
ominous ant f
omniscient t
onerous ang sa
ongoing ant
ooze d
opinionated ang
opponent ang ant d f
opportune j
opposed ang f
oppress ang d f sa
oppressive ang d f sa
orc ang d f
ordained t
ordnance f
oust ang sa
outcry ang f su
outdo ant
outrageous su
outstanding j
overbearing ang
overdue ant sa su
overjoyed j
overpowering ang f
overpriced ang d sa
overt f
overwhelmed sa
owing ang ant d f sa t
pact t
pained f sa
painful ang d f sa
painfully sa
palpable su
paralyzed ang f sa su
pare ang ant f sa
parietal t
partake t
parting sa
passionate ant j t
pastor j t
pathetic d sa
patriarchal t
paucity ang d sa
pay ant j t
peaceful ant j su t
penal f sa
pensive sa
perceive t
perchance su
perdition ang d f sa
perfect ant j t
peril ant f sa
perilous ant f sa
periodicity t
perish f sa
perished sa
perishing f sa
pernicious ang f sa
perpetuate ant
persecute ang f
persuade t
pertinent t
perverse ang d f
perverted d
phantom f
philanthropic t
phony ang d
physician t
picketing ang
picturesque j
piles d
pillage ang d f
pious d sa t
placard su
plaintive sa
playful ang j su t
pleasant ant j su t
pleased j
pleasurable j
plummet f
plunder ang d f sa su
pointless sa
poisoned ang d f sa
poisonous ang d f sa
polio f sa
politic d
pollute d
pompous d
pontiff t
porn d
possess ant j t
possessed ang d f
posthumous sa
pow ang
powerful ang ant d f j t
powerfully f
powerless ang d f sa
practiced j su t
practise ant
praised j
praiseworthy ant j su t
prank su
pray ant f j su t
precarious ant f sa
precious ant j su
preclude ang
predict ant
predispose ant
predominant t
prefer t
prejudice ang
prejudiced d f
prejudicial ang
premature su
premeditated f
preparatory ant
prepare ant
prepared ant t
preparedness ant
prescient ant
presto j su
presumptuous ang d
pretending ang
pretty ant j t
prevail ant j
prevalent t
prevent f
princely ant j su t
privileged j t
privy t
profane ang
proficient t
prognostic ant
prohibited ang d f
projectiles f
prolong d
prophetic ant
prophylactic ant t
prosecute ang f sa
prospectively ant
prosper ant j
prosperous j
protected t
protecting t
protector t
protestant f
proud ant j t
proven t
provide t
providing ant j t
proviso t
provoking ang d
prudent t
pry ang ant t
puke d
puma f su
punctual ant t
pungent d
punish f
punished ang ant d f sa
punishing ang f sa
punitive ang f sa
purely t
purify j t
putative t
quagmire d
quaint j t
quake f
qualified t
quandary ang f
quash f
questionable d
quicken ant
quickness su
quicksilver su
quiet sa
quivering f
quote ant su
rabid ang ant d f sa
radiant j
radioactive f
raging ang d f
rags d
rainy sa
rancid d
randomly su
ranger t
rapping ang
rapt j su t
raptors f
rapture ant j
rascal ang d f
ratify t
rational t
ravenous ang f sa
react ang f
reappear su
reassure t
rebel ang f
recalcitrant ang d
receiving ant j su
recesses f
reckless ang f
recline t
recognizable ant
recommend t
reconstruct ant
recreation ant j
recreational ant j
recruits t
recurrent ant
refused sa
regal t
registry t
regret sa
regrettable sa
regretted sa
regretting sa
regulatory f
reinforcements t
reject ang f sa
rejects ang f sa
rejoice ant j su t
rekindle ant f j su
relapse f sa
related t
relevant t
reliability t
reliable t
relics sa
reluctant f
remarkable j su t
remiss ang d sa
remorse sa
renounce ang
renovate ant
repay ang ant j t
repellant d f
repelling d
repent f
representing ant
repress sa
reprimand ang
reproductive j
reputable t
requiem sa
resent ang
resentful ang
resign ang d f sa
resigned sa
resistant f
resisting ang f sa
resources j t
respectable t
respectful t
resplendent j
responsible t
responsive ant t
restorative ant j t
restrain ang f
restrained f
restrict sa
retain t
retaliate ang
retaliatory ang
retard d f sa
reticent f
retract ang
revels j
revenge ang ant f su
revere ant j t
reverend j
revive ant
revolt ang su
revolting ang d f
revulsion ang d f
rhythmical j su
ridiculous ang d
rigor d f
riotous ang f su
ripen ant
rising ant j
risky ant f
rivalry ang
rob ang d f sa
rollicking j
romp j
rooted t
rot d f sa
rotting d
rubble f sa
ruined ang d f sa
ruinous ang d f sa
ruthless ang d f
sacrifices d f sa
sadly sa
safeguard t
safekeeping t
saintly ant j su t
salary ant j t
saloon ang
salutary j t
sanctify ant j sa su t
sappy t
satanic ang
satisfied j
saturated d
savagery ang f
savor ant d j sa t
scandalous ang
scarce f sa
scarcely sa
sceptical t
scientific t
scoff ang d
scolding ang
scorching ang
scorn ang
scoundrel ang d f t
screaming ang d f
screwed ang
scrutinize ant
seals t
secluded sa
secrete d
secular ant
securities t
seductive ant
seize f
selfish ang d
senile f sa
sensational j
senseless ang d f sa su
sensual ant j su t
sensuous j
sentinel t
sentry t
septic d
serene t
serenity ant j t
servile d f sa
setback sa
sewerage d
shabby d
shack d sa
shady f
shaky ang ant f
sham ang d
shameful sa
shameless d
shanghai d f
sharpen ang ant
shatter ang f sa su
shattered sa
shiver ang ant f sa
shockingly su
shortage ang f sa
shortly ant
shout ang su
shriek ang f sa su
shrill ang f su
shrink f sa
shudder f
shun ang d sa
sib t
sickening ang d f sa
sickly d sa
signify ant
simmering ant
simplify ant j su t
sincere t
sinful ang d f sa
sing ant j sa t
singularly su
sinister ang d f
sinning d
skewed ang ant
skillful t
skirmish ang
slaughterhouse ang d f sa
slaughtering ang d f sa su
slay ang
slayer ang d f sa su
slime d
slimy d
sloppy d
sluggish sa
slut ang d
sly ang d f
smelling d
smiling j
smite ang f sa
smuggle f
snarling ang
sneaking ant f t
snort sa
soiled d
somatic su
somber sa
sonorous j
soot d
soothing j t
sordid ang d f sa
sorely sa
soreness d sa
sorrowful sa
soulless d f sa
soulmate f
spa ant j su t
specialize t
specter f sa
speculative ant
spew d
spirits ant j su
spite ang
spiteful ang
splendid j su
splendor ant j su
splitting sa
sponsor t
spook f
spotless t
sprite f
spurious d
squeamish d f
squelch ang d
squirm d
stagger su
stagnant sa
standoff ang f
standstill ang
stark t
starry ant j
startling su
statistical t
steadfast t
steady su t
stealing d f
stealthily su
stealthy ant f su
sterile sa
sticky d
stifled ang f sa
stillborn sa
stingy ang d f sa
stink d
stinking d
stolen ang
stools d
storming ang
stormy f
straightforward t
strained ang
straits f
strangle ang d f sa su
stricken sa
stripped ang ant d f sa
strive ant
structural t
stunned f su
subito su
subjected sa
submit ant
subscribe ant
subsidence sa
substantiate t
subversive ang su
subvert d f sa
succeed ant j su t
succeeding ant j t
successful ant j t
sudden su
suddenly su
sue ang sa
sufferer f sa
suffocating d f sa
suggest t
suicidal ang d f sa
sullen ang sa
sunk d f sa
sunny ant j su
sunshine j
superman j t
superstar j t
superstitious ant f
supporting t
suppress ang f sa
supremacy ang ant f j su t
surly ang d
surprised su
surprising su
surprisingly ant su
surrendering sa
surround ant
suspicious ang ant
swampy d f
swear t
sweets ant j
swig d
swim ant f j
sympathetic f j sa t
sympathize sa
synchronize ant j su t
synergistic t
synonymous f t
tabulate ant
taint sa
talons ang f
tantalizing ant j su
tantamount t
tariff ang d
tasteless d
taught t
taunt ang f sa
tawny d
teach j su t
tearful d f sa
teeming d
temperate t
terminate sa
terrible ang d f sa
terribly sa
terrific sa
terrorize ang f sa
thankful j
thanksgiving j
theft ang d f sa
theocratic ang f sa t
theological t
therapeutic j t
thorny f
thoughtful t
thoughtless ang d
threaten ang ant f
threatening ang d f
thresh ang f sa
thrilling ant j su
thriving ant j
throttle ang
thug ang d f
thumping f
thundering ang f
tiff ang
tighten ang
toad d
tolerate ang sa
tomb sa
topple su
torment ang f sa
tortious ang d
touchy ang sa
tough sa
toughness ang f t
towering ant f
toxic d
tranquil j
tranquility j t
transitional ant
trashy d
traumatic ang f sa
travesty d f sa
treacherous ang d f
trembling f
tribulation f sa
tribunal ant d f t
tributary ant
tripping ang sa
triumphant ant j t
troublesome ang f
truce j t
truthful t
tumour f sa
tumultuous ang f
turbulent f
turmoil ang f sa
tussle ang
tyrannical ang d f
tyranny f sa
ugly d
ultimately ant
unable sa
unacceptable sa
unaccountable ant d sa t
unacknowledged sa
unanticipated su
unattainable ang sa
unattractive d sa
unbearable d sa
unbeaten ant j sa su
unbridled ang ant f su
unbroken t
uncanny f su
uncaring ang d sa
uncertain ang d f su
unclean d
unconscionable d
unconstrained j
uncontrollable ang ant su
uncover su
undecided ant f
underpaid ang sa
undertaker sa
underwrite t
undesired sa
undisclosed ant
undiscovered su
undoubted ant d
undying ant j sa t
uneasiness ant sa
uneasy d f
uneducated sa
unemployed f sa
unequal ang d f sa
unequivocal t
unexpected ant f j su
unexpectedly su
unexplained ant sa
unfair ang d sa
unfaithful d
unfavorable d sa
unfold ant
unforeseen su
unforgiving ang sa
unfriendly ang d f sa
unfulfilled ang ant sa su
ungodly sa
ungrateful ang d
unguarded su
unhappy ang d sa
unhealthy d f sa
unholy f
unification ant j t
unimaginable su
unimportant sa
uninspired sa
unintended su
unintentional su
unintentionally su
uninterested sa
uninteresting sa
uninvited sa
unique su
united t
unity t
unjust ang
unjustifiable ang d f
unkind ang d f sa
unlawful ang d f sa
unlucky ang d f sa
unmanageable d
unnatural d f
unpaid ang sa
unpleasant d sa
unpopular d sa
unprecedented su
unpredictable su
unpublished ant sa
unquestionable t
unquestionably t
unquestioned t
unreliable t
unrequited sa
unresolved ant
unruly ang d f
unsafe f
unsatisfactory d
unsatisfied d sa
unseat sa
unsettled ang d f
unsightly d
unspeakable f
unstable f su
unsteady f
unsuccessful sa
unsurpassed ant f j t
unsuspecting su
unsympathetic ang
unthinkable ang d f
untidy d
untie j
untitled sa
untold ant
untoward ang d
untrustworthy ang
unverified ant
unwashed d
unwavering t
unwelcome sa
unwell sa
unworthy d
uprising ang ant f
urgent ant f su
usual t
usurp ang
usurped ang f
utopian ant j t
vacuous d
vainly d sa
valor t
vanish su
vanished f sa su
varicella d f sa
veer f su
vegetative d sa
vehement ang f
venerable ant j t
vengeful ang f
venomous ang d f
verified t
verily t
vernal j
versus ang
vertigo f
vesicular d
vicious ang d
victimized ang d f sa su
victorious j
vigilance ant t
vigilant f t
vigorous t
villainous ang d f
vindicate ang
vindictive ang d
violent ang d f su
violently ang d f sa
virtuous j t
vivacious j
vivid j
volunteers t
voluptuous ant j
votive t
vouch t
vulgar d
vulgarity ang d sa
wail f sa
wan f sa
wane sa
wanting sa
warfare ang f sa
warlike ang f
warn ant f su t
warned ant f su
warranty t
wary f
wasted ang d
wasteful ang d sa
wasting d f sa
watchful t
weakly f sa
wearily sa
weariness sa
weary sa
weep sa
weeping sa
weigh ant t
weighty f
weird d
weirdo f
welcomed j
wench ang d
whim ant j su
whimsical j
whine d sa
wholesome t
whore d
wicked f
willful ang sa
wimpy ang d f sa
wishful ant
withdraw sa
wither sa
withered d
withstand ant f
witty j
wizard ant su
woeful sa
woefully d sa
wonderful j su t
wonderfully j su
wont ant
worn sa
worried sa
worthless ang d sa
wot t
wrangling ang d f sa
wreak ang
wrecked ang f sa
wretched d sa
wring ang
wrinkled sa
wrongful ang d sa
wrongly ang f sa
yearning ant j t
yell ang f su
yelp ang f su
zealous j t
zest ant j t
